W-19795883 ingress egress gr (#931)
mulesoft/docs-gateway: gateway/1.10/modules/ROOT/pages/flex-gateway-managed-ingress-egress.adoc

> = Deploy Agent Fabric Ingress and Egress Managed Flex Gateways 

Reviewer: You might consider asking PM/Ashley whether this should be "Agent Network Ingress and Egress Managed Flex Gateways"

> = Deploy Agent Fabric Ingress and Egress Managed Flex Gateways 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
= Deploying Agent Fabric Ingress and Egress Managed Flex Gateways 
```

ifndef::env-site,env-github[]
include::_attributes.adoc[]
endif::[]
:imagesdir: ../assets/images

> Flex Gateway Agent Fabric deployments require both an ingress and egress gateway. The ingress Flex Gateway sits in front of broker and API endpoints to manage and enforce policies on traffic entering the network. The egress Flex Gateway sits on outbound paths from brokers and agents to external agents and services to enforce policies, manage connections, and emit telemetry data.

Reviewer: Agent Network instead of Agent Fabric? Ask PM

> Flex Gateway Agent Fabric deployments require both an ingress and egress gateway. The ingress Flex Gateway sits in front of broker and API endpoints to manage and enforce policies on traffic entering the network. The egress Flex Gateway sits on outbound paths from brokers and agents to external agents and services to enforce policies, manage connections, and emit telemetry data.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
Flex Gateway Agent Fabric deployments require both an ingress and egress gateway. The ingress Flex Gateway sits in front of broker and API endpoints to manage and enforce policies on traffic entering the network. The egress Flex Gateway sits on outbound paths from brokers and agents to external agents and enforces policies, manages connections, and emits telemetry data.
```

> The only functional difference between ingress and egress Flex Gateways, is that the egress Gateway doesn't have a public endpoint. Only clients inside the same private space as the egress gateway can make requests to it. Traffic leaving the private spece to external services passes through the egress gateway. 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The only functional difference between ingress and egress Flex Gateways, is that the egress Gateway doesn't have a public endpoint. Only clients inside the same private space as the egress gateway can make requests to it. Traffic leaving the private space to external services passes through the egress gateway. 
```

Reviewer 2: Much clearer to me!

> image::agent-fabric-architecture.png[Agent Fabric diagram showing agents and MCP servers defined in YAML and published to Exchange, with traffic through Flex Gateway, governed by API Manager, and observed in Monitoring and Visualizer]

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
image::agent-fabric-architecture.png["Agent Fabric diagram showing agents and MCP servers defined in YAML and published to Exchange, with traffic through Flex Gateway, governed by API Manager, and observed in Monitoring and Visualizer"]
```

> There is no functional difference between ingress and egress Flex Gateways, except that the egress Gateway doesn't have a public endpoint. Only clients inside the same private space as the egress gateway can make requests to it. All traffic going to external services should pass through the egress gateway. 

Reviewer: lowercase gateway? wasn't sure

> There is no functional difference between ingress and egress Flex Gateways, except that the egress Gateway doesn't have a public endpoint. Only clients inside the same private space as the egress gateway can make requests to it. All traffic going to external services should pass through the egress gateway. 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The only functional difference between ingress and egress Flex Gateways, is that the egress Gateway doesn't have a public endpoint. Only clients inside the same private space as the egress gateway can make requests to it. All traffic going to external services passes through the egress gateway. 
```

Reviewer 2: This does confuse me. Clients inside the same private space can make requests to an endpoint that sits behind an egress gateway. But then traffic going to external services also passes through the egress gateway? 
Something like Egress Flex Gateway is internal-only. It has no public endpoint. Only apps in the same private space call it. It forwards those calls to external services so all outbound traffic is governed and observed.

== Deploy Ingress and Egress Managed Flex Gateways

> The easiest way to deploy your Agent Fabric ingress and egress Flex Gateways is by using Anypoint Code Builder (ACB) or Anypoint Command Line Interface (CLI):

Reviewer: agent network? (I lowercase agent network)

> The easiest way to deploy your Agent Fabric ingress and egress Flex Gateways is by using Anypoint Code Builder (ACB) or Anypoint Command Line Interface (CLI):

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The easiest way to deploy your Agent Fabric ingress and egress Flex Gateways is by using Anypoint Code Builder or Anypoint Command Line Interface (CLI):
```

Reviewer 2: We're never supposed to use ACB externally.

> * xref:anypoint-code-builder::af-get-started#set-up-agent-network-gateways-for-your-target-space[Set Up Agent Network Gateways by Using Anypoint Code Builder (ACB)]

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
* xref:anypoint-code-builder::af-get-started#set-up-agent-network-gateways-for-your-target-space[Set Up Agent Network Gateways by Using Anypoint Code Builder]
```

*xref:anypoint-cli::agent-fabric.adoc#agent-network-setup-gateways[Set Up Agent Network Gateways by Using Anypoint CLI]

> To manually deploy both ingress and egress managed Flex Gateways by using the Runtime Manager UI, see xref:flex-gateway-managed-set-up.adoc[].

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
To manually deploy both ingress and egress managed Flex Gateways using the Runtime Manager UI, see xref:flex-gateway-managed-set-up.adoc[].
```

> For ingress gateways, ensure you configure a *Public endpoint* in the advanced options *Ingress* tab. For egress gateways, ensure that there is no *Public endpoint* configured. To prevent confusion, give a descriptive name defining the gateway as either ingress or egress.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
For ingress gateways, configure a *Public endpoint* in the advanced options *Ingress* tab. For egress gateways, verify that there's no *Public endpoint* configured. To prevent confusion, give a descriptive name defining the gateway as either ingress or egress.
```

> == Applying Inbound and Outbound Policies

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
== Apply Inbound and Outbound Policies
```

> Inbound policies are policies that are enforced on all traffic accessing an instance's endpoint. Outbound Policies are policies that are enforced on all traffic accessing a specific URL and are only applied to that URL. For example, for an agent instance that has multiple upstreams, an inbound Client ID Enforcement policy enforces client ID verification for all traffic accessing the agent instance. However, an outbound policy might be applied to only one of the instance's upstream.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Inbound policies are policies that are enforced on all traffic accessing an instance's endpoint. Outbound policies are policies that are enforced on all traffic accessing a specific URL and are only applied to that URL. For example, for an agent instance that has multiple upstreams, an inbound client ID enforcement policy enforces client ID verification for all traffic accessing the agent instance. However, an outbound policy might be applied to only one of the instance's upstream.
```

> Inbound policies are policies that are enforced on all traffic accessing an instance's endpoint. Outbound Policies are policies that are enforced on all traffic accessing a specific URL and are only applied to that URL. For example, for an agent instance that has multiple upstreams, an inbound Client ID Enforcement policy enforces client ID verification for all traffic accessing the agent instance. However, an outbound policy might be applied to only one of the instance's upstream.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Inbound policies are enforced on all traffic accessing an instance's endpoint. Outbound policies are enforced on all traffic accessing a specific URL and are only applied to that URL. For example, for an agent instance that has multiple upstreams, an inbound Client ID Enforcement policy enforces client ID verification for all traffic accessing the agent instance. However, an outbound policy might be applied to only one of the instances upstream.
```
